fix: broken links in docs (#786)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: docs/_guide/index.md

> [The Fuel TypeScript SDK](./index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Fuel TypeScript SDK](../index.md)
```

> See also the main [The Fuel TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts) and [Contributing](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) pages for additional resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the main [The Fuel TypeScript SDK](../index.md) and [Contributing](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) pages for additional resources.
```
